Now let's finish this can actuate behavior by allowing the user to log in or quickly do this by going
to my home component.
And there I want to add two new buttons one log in button and one log out button and I will add some
scenes as Klaus's button.
Default maybe and Button button de-evolved here too.
And here I want to execute on log out and for the other one of course I will execute on log in and I
will keep just really simple since it's not about having a nice UI here I would simply inject my office
service here of type of service of course.
Make sure to add the import at the top and then I'll add my two methods here.
So on log in we'll simply reach out to the off service and call the log in method to set is locked in
boolean to true.
And on log out will of course do the same but will call the log out method to set it to false.
And this simple improvement now makes sure that we can of course log in.
We don't see any visual indication here but we do see it if we try to access a single server.
Now this is working always after DS 800 milliseconds which it takes to evaluate whether we are allowed
to access.
But if I switch just back to log out again you see we're redirected again.
So now we can control this.
Now we finished is fake off service and more importantly we can actually wait.
It's